mbedtls: use static key slot buffers in the PSA Crypto core (#80368)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.0.rst

  corresponding build symbol was removed in Mbed TLS 3.1.0 and is now assumed to
  be enabled. (:github:`77657`)

> * The newly added Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_PSA_KEY_SLOT_COUNT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The newly-added Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_PSA_KEY_SLOT_COUNT`
```

  allows to specify the number of key slots available in the PSA Crypto core.

>   Previously this value was not explicitly set, so Mbed TLS default value of
>   32 was assumed. The new Kconfig option defaults to 16 intead in order to find

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously this value was not explicitly set, so Mbed TLS's default value of
  32 was used. The new Kconfig option defaults to 16 instead in order to find
```
